All Bo-Keep code (right now) is licensed under the GNU General Public
License version 3 (or at your option any later version), see
COPYING. All contributions must be licensed under terms that are GPL3
compatible.

The primary contributor to Bo-Keep so far has been ParIT Worker
Co-operative.

You may opt to assign copyright on contributions to ParIT, to help
them be better positioned to enforce the license and to ensure your
code is included under any enforcement action.

ParIT's members are committed free software activists who would be
hacking on free software even if they didn't have jobs doing so. Thier
articles of incorporation forbid the company from doing proprietary
work, so you can trust that they won't be releasing proprietary
versions and can feel comfortable assigning copyright on contributions
to ParIT  should you wish to.

That being said, copyright assignments are not required for
contributions; but there are additional guidelines if not assigning
copyright to ParIT.

All contributions made to the Bo-Keep core (where copyright is not
assigned) or to plugins that are deemed strategically important to the
future of the project must be made under "GPLv3 or at your option any
later version" or under a simple non-copyleft license consistent with
GPLv3 and unlikely to conflict with future versions of the GNU GPL.

Should ParIT's engagement with the community be successful and the
effort considered worthwhile, ParIT will consider assigning copyright
on Bo-Keep to a foundation / non-profit such as the Free Software
Foundation or Software Freedom Conservancy.

Copyright (C) 2011  ParIT Worker Co-operative, Ltd
<paritinfo@parit.ca> This file is part of Bo-Keep.

Bo-Keep is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

 Author: Mark Jenkins <mark@parit.ca>

